JavaScript MA03
----------------
Level 2

1. In your own words, describe what JavaScript Code Style is.
Writng programs is very complex, therefor its important that we as
coders write meaningful, easy to understand, neat and tidy code.

This is not only beacause you alone write the code, but also so you can
spend less time growling and grunting over your own code-solving difficulties.
But also so other programmers can repair, or redo your code easily.
The same goes for the opposite, its easier for you as a programmer
to understand other codes if theyre written in a somewhat basic
manner. Allthough in most- or all cases, coders will have their own style of writing 
their own code.

2. What is a Regular Expression?
Regular expression also known as 'reggex' is a way to validate strings. This is often used to validate
email address, zip codes, phone numbers etc. It van also be used to find patterns in the string.


3. What does the .random() method do?
random produces/returns a pseudo random number between 0 and 1

4. What does the .sort() method do?
It sorts the content in the array in its correct place... almost.
Numbers are slightly different as javascript takes the first number 0-9 and arranges it
in order. If there is 2 different values [24, 22], sort 
will place 22 first as the second number has the lowest value and then
24 as the 4 is higher than 2.

Javascript assumes the elements are strings.

5. What does the .reverse() method do?
It reverses the order of elements in the array and returns a new reversed array.

6. List two examples of bad JavaScript code.

a = 4;

b = 4;

if(a === b)

console.log('I am true');

or

if('4' == 4) return true;


7. What data types can a JSON object contain?

Objects, Arrays, Strings, Numbers, Booleans and Null.

8. What is minifying JavaScript Code?

This means creating less code that still works.
An example could be to write the same code but with shorter variables, and also removing un-used code.

9. What is a global variable?
global variable is when a variable is decleared outside any object or function. 
Aka the global scope. or when a value is set directly to the global object window.
Also declearing a value to a variable inside a scope without declearing var/let/const sets the variable globally.
